README.md, before:

# SD260-Make-up-Project

## Book Collection App

### Link of deployed site:-

https://60221002aad3834353ac8675--thirsty-darwin-4f30e1.netlify.app

### How to run the app on your device:-

Clone this repository : https://github.com/Rakshit2411/SD260-Make-up-Project.git

Run this command in terminal: cd book-collection 

To Run the project run command in one terminal:

**json-server --watch --port 4000 db.json**

and in the other terminal run the command:

**npm start**

It will open the app in the browser on port 3000 for you. 

### Functionalities of app:-

- You can add a new book by submitting the form.
- After reloading the page you can see your new book.
- Same as adding a new book you can delete a book by delete button.
- After reloading the page the book will disapear from the list.
- You can add your vote by clicking on blue triangle.
- The list will be sorted in descending order of the votes.
- You can see more informatino o fthe book by clicking on its name written in blue color.

## App Making videos:-

1. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EWwq0OKHhBVIjBPNIRUYAtgBKleYb44QTT_pLSzWl2AngA?e=KdzQX3
2. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EZKZ7CJlIQ9JtpeRYLRR57oBhM9Nb3fyLXFGt462Lyo-3Q?e=Uyv9l3
3. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EQ4INlP_57FCsCFnIEbvrOgBWsW1iXbAxdLrs4CJo1mx-A?e=ZXgfX2
4. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EVurT3Ytk-ROtaYUzLbPlTkBiAY5F-ftHMjOLOoXaZZDXg?e=HQqxdo
5. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EX2h5Xz5gPdKpoZW05JkvwcBJRi1A60m9Y12N3vO2ffUOw?e=nAXe2F

Commit message:

Updates the README.md file to fix the error of deployed site.

README.md, after:

# SD260-Make-up-Project

## Book Collection App

### Link of deployed site:-
To use this site you need to ren server on your device. To run the server open a terminal in this folder and run command: *json-server --watch --port 4000 db.json* and then open the site. If it is not showing anything with form, reload the page.

https://60221002aad3834353ac8675--thirsty-darwin-4f30e1.netlify.app

### How to run the app on your device:-

Clone this repository : https://github.com/Rakshit2411/SD260-Make-up-Project.git

Run this command in terminal: cd book-collection 

To Run the project run command in one terminal:

**json-server --watch --port 4000 db.json**

and in the other terminal run the command:

**npm start**

It will open the app in the browser on port 3000 for you. 

### Functionalities of app:-

- You can add a new book by submitting the form.
- After reloading the page you can see your new book.
- Same as adding a new book you can delete a book by delete button.
- After reloading the page the book will disapear from the list.
- You can add your vote by clicking on blue triangle.
- The list will be sorted in descending order of the votes.
- You can see more informatino o fthe book by clicking on its name written in blue color.

## App Making videos:-

1. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EWwq0OKHhBVIjBPNIRUYAtgBKleYb44QTT_pLSzWl2AngA?e=KdzQX3
2. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EZKZ7CJlIQ9JtpeRYLRR57oBhM9Nb3fyLXFGt462Lyo-3Q?e=Uyv9l3
3. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EQ4INlP_57FCsCFnIEbvrOgBWsW1iXbAxdLrs4CJo1mx-A?e=ZXgfX2
4. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EVurT3Ytk-ROtaYUzLbPlTkBiAY5F-ftHMjOLOoXaZZDXg?e=HQqxdo
5. https://mittca-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/patel26_student_mitt_ca/EX2h5Xz5gPdKpoZW05JkvwcBJRi1A60m9Y12N3vO2ffUOw?e=nAXe2F
